Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Tonight you're mine. completely You give
your love. so sweetly
Tonight the light of love is in your eyes
Will you still love me tomorrow?
Is this a last one. a treasure?
Or just a moment Will you still love me?
I need to get somebody down there
Ma 'am are you okay?
Can you hear me?
I got someone on the south lawn.
we need paramedics over here right away
Copy that Jesus Christ. what happened to
you?
In-laws Did you say in-laws?
What about your in-laws. man?
Hey. hey. hey. stay with us.
Just keep your eyes on me.
Take it easy.
Slow. steady breaths.
Whoa. whoa. whoa!
She's down!
Get that stretcher over here!
Just get her loaded up until count to go
one hand down.
Critical condition.
Ready?
One. two. three!
One. two...
Stay with us.
She in?
Yeah.
This guy's had a vital signs on her.
I'm gonna get oxygen on.
What's up. son?
I'm gonna check pupils.
Osteostatic.
I don't have a pressure.
No pupil response.
Let's check her pulse.
No pulse.
She's in cardiac arrest.
Starting compressions.
Charging.
Two hundred.
Ready.
Clear.
Osteo is coming in with a Caucasian
female.
Mid to late twenties.
In severe shock.
Multiple lacerations.
Possible gunshot wound through the left
hand.
Through and through.
Pulse.
No pulse.
I'll get her compressions again.
Charging.
Two hundred.
Clear.
She's in cardiac arrest.
I didn't see... She's
in cardiac arrest!
I'll test you.
She's in cardiac arrest.
Two.
Three.
Three. two. one.
Hell's sake.
You sick?
No. no. no.
No.
Mrs. LaDomas?
Where am I?
You're in Woolbury. Connecticut.
St. John's Hospital.
Why am I handcuffed?
Mrs. LaDomas...
It's Ms. McCauley.
It says here you married an Alex LaDomas.
It didn't work out.
I'm Detective Roger Bassett.
You're in some trouble. Ms. McCauley.
You're being detained by the Woolbury
Police Department.
Under suspicion of arson and murder.
They found the remains of two people in
the house after they put out the fire.
And your clothes were drenched in blood.
It wasn't yours.
Now. if you'd care to make a statement.
Could you pass me a cigarette?
This is not going to go well for you.
Ms. McCauley.
Things would go a lot easier if you would
just cooperate.
She has a visitor.
Are you expecting someone?
Oh. shit.
Look at you.
What are you doing here?
Well. I'm still your emergency contact.
So. thanks for that.
Who are you?
Faith McCauley.
Family?
Biologically speaking. yeah. we're
sisters. but we're not family.
Okay.
I'm going to give you a few minutes.
Then I'm going to take you to the station.
Get that statement.
What happened?
You wouldn't believe me.
That's probably true. but I drove all the
way out to bumfuck Connecticut.
so... Where'd she come from?
You mean. where do I live?
Sure.
Murray Hill.
I'm in Chelsea.
Yeah. cool.
How long have you lived in New York?
I moved out there when I was 18.
Just like you.
And you never thought...
Grace. come on.
You made it very clear
a long time ago that
you're not interested in
being my sister. okay?
And the feeling's mutual.
I'm not here for a reunion.
Yeah. it's good to see you. too.
How are you?
I'm fucking amazing.
Yeah?
Yeah. really good.
I'm a social media coordinator.
I live in a kick-ass one bedroom and I
have a hot-as-fuck boyfriend named Derek.
And I didn't have to fuck Alex Ledomaz to
get it.
I did it all by myself.
How do you know about Alex?
I saw you together once at the Whole Foods
on 25th and 7th.
He's tall.
You could have said something.
Why?
I'm in a good place.
You're a negative person.
I'm not a negative person.
And even though you abandoned
me... I did not abandon you.
I still believe in the fundamental
goodness of humanity.
Oh my God. if you knew what I'd
just been through... Then tell me.
I told you you wouldn't believe me.
Alright. I'm glad you're okay.
But you haven't changed.
I'm just gonna go.
Um...
Faith. wait.
After the wedding. Alex tells me I have to
pull a card.
Play whatever game it says.
Some kind of initiation ritual.
Which I thought was weird.
But wanted him to like me because they
were gonna be my new family.
Anyway...
I pull hide and seek.
And it gets real quiet.
Because apparently...
That's the bad card.
And they think they have to try to
sacrifice me to the devil.
They told me I could win.
If I stayed hidden till dawn.
But they thought...
If I won...
They'd die.
Heh.
So they hunted me.
I got...
Shot through the hand.
Beat to shit by a butler.
And my...
My husband... Stabbed me.
But I made it till dawn.
I fucking won.
So...
Did they drop dead?
No.
They blew up.
And then after they blew up. there was a
guy in a chair.
And he nodded at me.
Who was the guy in the chair?
I don't know.
But he was see-through. so I'm pretty sure
he was...
You know...
You are so going to jail.
Yeah.
Approve the ceasefire.
Good morning. Mr. Danforth.
It's been a long time.
I have some news.
Leave us.
The LaDumas's are no more.
Hmm.
Pernella.
Can you find my children?
Of course.
I'll inform the others.
Wait.
Call my lawyers right away.
I need to talk to them.
Masha.
The collection of the weathered houses.
Clothurnburg.
Shorla.
Leave the fucking hair. Carmen.
Fuck.
Who wrote this shit?
I'll just wing it.
I'll do my own thing.
Like always.
One. two. and three.
I don't give a shit. you fucking whore!
Come here. Katia!
Oh. God!
Hey. all right.
Tell William the guy shot the jet.
Come here.
It's my turn. motherfucker.
Benson.
Bring me my knife!
This is our chance!
The bear be praised.
Yeah!
Shot!
Hey. you.
아마.
So the door masses failed.
The bride survived.
The ball is in play.
No.
That's not fair.
It's... it's ours!
It doesn't matter.
It's in the rules.
You know what you have to do.
Dad.
Please.
Be a fucking man!
You're a dad. Forth.
This must never leave our family.
You must win the seat back.
We will.
You have my word.
Well. get on with it.
Titus.
It's over.
Not for the bride.
All right. Mrs. McCauley.
We'll get you some clothes.
Then continue our conversation at the
station.
I can't wait for you to tell me about that
goat...
It's all gonna be yours.
Fuck the rules!
Please. please.
Mrs. Ledomath!
Listen.
I need a word with him.
I'm going back to the car.
Oh my Jesus!
You hurt me!
Not so good as I am now!
Oh my God!
You're okay.
There could be more coming.
I gotta get out of these cuffs.
Okay?
What the fuck?
We gotta get out of here and disappear.
What the fuck are you doing?
We might have to fight.
I can't fight in this gown.
No time to look for new clothes.
You have to fight?
Okay. okay.
Come on. we gotta go.
What a mess.
Looks like Mr. Wilkinson tried to kill me.
Killed the girl before the game could
begin.
And condemned his entire bloodline to a
premature end.
Well. that's what happens when you break
one of Mr. LaBelle's rules.
Hello there.
And who might you be?
And right then I knew that we were both
going to make it.
Because we had this moment to live for.
And here we are.
We made it.
I love you so much.
Mark.
When we met that day in the chemo ward.
Ladies and gentlemen.
I am terribly sorry to
tell you but I'm going
to have to ask you all
to vacate the premises.
Unfortunately. we have a gas leak.
Are you FUCKING KIDDING ME?
She's not.
Kindly get the fuck out.
Besides. you could do way better.
Attention ladies and gentlemen.
This is an emergency.
These people need to go home.
Get the fuck out.
Why do you always feel the need to be such
a dick?
Your little grace goes a long way.
Well. that was funny.
Today is not the day for funny.
Dad gave us a mission and I'm not going to
let him down.
Yo!
Cousins!
How long has it been?
I'm going to sawn it up.
Come get me when the fireworks start.
Dick tap!
You don't have to speak to him.
Just don't start anything. okay?
Not today.
Fucking kip.
It had to be done.
You look just like him when you're sad.
I'll repeat. please remain calm and
proceed to the exits in an orderly fashion.
Ladies and gentlemen. pack up your shit
and get the fuck out.
Please.
When was the last time the council
actually convened in person?
October. 1963.
I looked it up.
Well. they're on their way to the lodge
now.
And so it begins.
Oh. man.
Yeah.
Ignacio.
Felipe.
Buenos dias. senora Danforth.
You haven't dazed a day.
No Francesca.
I thought for sure she'd want to be here
for this.
She'll be along. believe me.
She wouldn't miss this for the world.
It's exciting.
Well. it's exciting for me.
It's terrifying for you.
Yes. and you.
Vamos. Felipe.
Who?
Ursula.
Titus.
You remember my son?
What's the Wi-Fi password?
Adu.
Raj.
Martina. welcome.
So how's this shit work?
Our guests will be arriving soon. and
then the lawyer will explain everything.
Ah. lawyer.
Speak slow for this beautiful dum-dum over
here.
Single-syllable words.
It appears our guest of honor is arriving.
Hello. Grace.
I'm Ursula Danforth.
This is my brother Titus.
Welcome to our home.
May I speak to it. Father?
Yes. yes. darling. Felipe.
It can't hurt you.
Did you see Mr. LaBelle?
One second.
I just gotta take a quick selfie before we
start.
Yo!
This girl bested the LaDomases.
And Bill Wilkinson.
Can we start this. please?
And where the fuck is Chester?
Our father passed.
What the fuck?
What?
Last night. in his sleep.
Wait. wait. wait.
So does that mean that you're playing now?
As we are twins. we will both be taking
the field. yes?
What the fuck?
No.
How convenient.
I told you that Danforth was a viper.
And that they were going to cheat.
Grace. I realize this must be terrifying
for you.
But you are here for a very special.
very exciting reason.
Hm.
Ooh. oh. no!
Oh. no...
Ahh!
You've caused quite a stir. Mrs. LaDomas.
McCauley!
I am the sole attorney for Mr. LaBelle and
the LaBelle organization.
The organization is led by a council made
up of the heads of six families.
including your in-laws.
The DeMoss and Wilkinson families have
been wiped out.
The council of six families is currently
down to four.
The reason you're here is that by
surviving Le DeMoss' game of hide and
seek. you triggered a very seldom used
clause in our organization's bylaws.
You see. on the council there is one seat
with more power than the others.
The high seat.
And it comes with this sigil of power.
Until now. that seat was occupied by
Chester Danforth.
I presume you've heard of him.
Because you triggered
that clause. the high seat is
now vacant for the first
time in many. many years.
And. believe it or not. you've been given
an opportunity to win the high seat.
It's very rare that someone survives a
game. so it comes with this reward.
And the heads of the remaining council
families will try to win the seat for you.
For themselves.
Or in our case. take back what should
still be ours.
This clause is so fucking stupid.
Ah. you're afraid one of us is going to
take Daddy's place. eh?
You never know.
Mrs. Le DeMoss could win.
So. as Ms. Danforth said. this is all
actually good news.
Mr. LeBail has smiled upon thee.
Hail Satan.
Do you...
have any questions?
Uh-huh.
I don't...
Can I have a cigarette?
No.
Your sister's existence was quite a
surprise.
You told the Le DeMosses that you had no
family. and yet. here is faith.
Grace and faith. fucking Irish Catholics.
Listen.
We can make this real quick. because I
don't want your fucking chair.
I suppose I wasn't clear.
The high seat controls the council.
and the council controls...
well. everything.
Everything?
The world.
So what. I just have to pull another card
or something?
That won't be necessary.
Think of this as double or nothing.
Because you survived
Le DeMosses' game of
hide and seek. you will
play that game again.
No!
This time. with the council members.
Fucking baby shit bun.
So for me to win the seat?
Survive until dawn.
And the rest of them?
This part will be familiar.
They will try to kill you.
Whoever does. wins the seat.
Now. we must fill the seat by dawn.
or Mr. LeBail will be...
very upset.
The winner will... Fuck yeah!
Joe Heidsom.
Hail Satan.
The winner will be coronated in a special
ceremony in the Black Temple.
The creme de la creme of Mr. LeBail's
faithful will be in attendance.
That's the whole thing.
I'm not playing.
Oh. I'm sorry.
That's the other thing.
I'M NOT PLAYING!
You have to compete.
I'm still not playing.
Okay.
Prunella. kill the sister.
NO!
FUCK!
DON'T HURT HER!
You can take that off.
Listen!
You guys seem like good people!
And I don't even know why I'm here!
We haven't seen each other in.
like. seven years!
Why not?
It's complicated.
Nice leverage. moron.
This thing doesn't even care about the
other thing.
You two don't get along?
We had a falling out.
About what?
Just her being an asshole.
Look. allow me to wrap up.
The game will begin at exactly 2.31 p.m.
In observance of the exact time Mr.
LaBelle...
Daddy!
Mi amor.
Well. holy shit. here you are.
Okay.
Francesca Alcaido. you dumb slut.
Alex's ex-fiancee.
Where the fuck is my ring. bitch?
He bought it for me before you stole him.
I threw it at him right before he
exploded.
You're nothing but a cool-ticking whore.
You see. Alex wasn't stupid. but he sure
was fucking gullible.
You ruined my life.
And I don't even know who the fuck you
are.
No. no. no.
Ladies and gentlemen. we should get
moving.
Vanilla?
Wait.
I want to do it.
No. no. no.
I want to...
I just want you to know it's going to be
me who gets you.
Okay?
No. no. no.
No!
No. no. no. Mr. Emergency Contact!
The council members must
use a weapon that existed
during the period in
which their ancestor...
...made his or her bargain with Mr.
LeBail.
The council members are not allowed to
kill each other.
If they do. even by accident. Mr. LeBail
will be angry.
And the offending family's entire
bloodline will be punished.
Beyond that. anything goes.
I don't want to use the blood pen.
I can at least sterilize it.
Fuck's sake.
The families may observe the proceedings
from the club room.
In the unlikely event that any of the
hunters should perish. the next person in
that family's line of succession must take
their place on the field.
Best of luck to you all.
Aren't you going to change. bro?
Why?
None of us are going to have to go out
there.
Chester trained his kids since they could
walk in case this day ever came.
This will be over in five minutes.
There.
It better be.
I got a massage in an hour.
The girl will begin the game on the ninth
hole green.
Hunters. take your places.
The game will begin in ten. nine.
eight. seven. six. five. four.
three. two. one.
Set.
There are no fucking keys.
Oh. did I forget to put the keys in there?
Fuck.
Cheaters!
Stop.
Idiots.Miches. suckers.
Yeah.
Face... Ah!
Please. stop it.
Come on.
We gotta get up.
We gotta move.
Shit!
Fuck!
They're coming!
Why do they want to hurt me?
They don't give a shit about you.
You're here to slow me down.
If you don't do exactly what I say.
we are going to die.
Do you understand?
So we obviously share the seat when we get
it back. but who gets to wear the ring?
Well. Dad wanted me to be the one in
charge. so...
Bullshit.
He told me.
Well. he told me.
It should be me.
No. he didn't.
We're gonna get to the woods.
We're gonna go to the woods.
Wait. wait. wait.
What if there's people waiting for us in
the fucking woods?
Stop.
It's not a debate.
I am in charge.
Oh. you're in charge?
It's your fucking fault I'm here.
All I did was forget to remove you as my
emergency contact.
It's been seven years.
You don't know anybody else.
Fine.
Whoever kills her gets to wear the ring.
I'm not agreeing to that.
What the fuck is that?
Dad!
Oh. shit.
What is that?
Whoa. hold on.
Listen.
This is Juan 19.
We met earlier.
Whoa. hold on.
There's a way out of this.
I had my lawyer scour the bylaws and we
found a loophole.
All we have to do is...
Oh. my God!
Nice shot.
There she is.
Get her.
Oh. my God.
God damn it.
Skippy. screens.
They weren't supposed to make it off the
green.
Give me the fucking thing.
God damn it.
There's no way we're getting over that.
There's gotta be a tree we could climb.
Oh. we're gonna climb with handcuffs?
Okay.
Okay. okay. fuck.
Okay. turn it on.
What the fuck is this?
No. just press input one.
Yeah. no. it's right.
Show me fucking input one.
Go. press menu. and then go.
My. you're the stupid fucking idiots.
Where the fuck are they?
Grace. we've been running forever!
Fuck. ow. fuck!
Can you just slow down. please?
Oh. I'm sorry.
Okay.
I can't believe you dragged me into this
shit.
How does this even happen?
You're telling me you didn't know your
fiancé was in a devil cult?
Seems kind of hard to miss.
I mean. your attention must have been on
all that money.
What?
What does that mean?
Nothing. I'm just saying
that I work for my shit.
and I don't need Rich
Dick to solve my problems.
Ew.
Fuck you.
Okay. what does Derek do?
Finance.
Oh. and I'm chasing Rich Dick?
He was a starving actor when we first met.
Starving actor with a fallback MBA?
You think I made up Derek?
Kinda now. yeah.
You think I'm pathetic.
You just can't handle it that I made it
and you didn't.
Grace?
There's no use in hiding.
I know you think we're the bad guys here.
But there are no good guys or bad guys.
There's just the system.
Whether you realize it or not...
you're a part of it. too.
You contribute to it.
How you enable it.
I'm no more evil than you are.
You're just a small part of something that
is much bigger than us.
We can do it. we can do it. we can do it.
we can do it.
Shut your face.
And die with a little dignity.
Come on!
Handcuffs!
Run. run. run!
Get up.
You cannot fuck up like that.
The only way to make
what we did to dad mean
something is to win
that fucking seat back.
Titus!
Do you understand?
That is the only way it matters.
Let's go to that building and look for a
phone.
The longer we're on this property. the
better there are chances of finding us.
We need to figure out a way to get out of
here.
Over that wall.
Let's just make a run for it.
It's completely exposed.
You are too impulsive.
You never think things through.
Look. they don't have anywhere to hide
either.
You're gonna get us both killed.
And now it's my turn.
To the Danforths and the Jody.
What are you gonna win. girl?
My dick in my dick.
Fuck!
You fucking asshole.
It's too risky.
Just. okay. just let me think this
through.
Sometimes you gotta take a risk.
Is that a gun shop?
Por fin. yeah. yeah. yeah. por fin.
Oh. found him.
Who's fucking shooting them?
Your dad fucking sucks.
Shit.
Never practices.
If he gets away. I swear to fucking God.
Are you sure you want to do that?
I was just...
Fuck!
Please!
He's getting better.
Oh!
No more fucking wrists!
I have an idea.
Fuck.
Now it's my turn.
What the hell is this?
Shit. shit. shit!
Fuck!
No!
Oh my God!
Let's go. let's go. let's go. let's go!
Fucker!
Oh my God!
Don't look at it. don't look at it!
No. no. no. no. no.
Okay.
Son of a bitch.
Fuck!
We've got to find a phone.
You're leaving a trail of blood behind.
We need to sit down.
Come on.
Sit here.
Sit.
Fuck.
Oh.
Alright. let's do the little one.
One.
Two.
Three.
Just focus on me.
Ready?
Okay. what are you. a part-time nurse too?
I don't know. maybe I am.
So. what did you do after you graduated?
Oh.
I. um. I didn't finish.
I had to drop out.
Seriously?
Yeah. then I waited tables.
After all that follow your dreams shit?
Yeah. well sometimes dreams don't work
out.
And then I met Alex.
And that dream didn't work out either.
Okay.
It's gonna burn.
All right.
I tried to find you. you know.
I wanted to invite you to a wedding.
I wouldn't have come.
I know that I wanted you to know that I
wanted you there.
Well. there's no fucking way you would
have got me in one of those ugly-ass
bridesmaids' dresses. so...
Alright. alright.
Shot for the pain?
Yeah.
Although nothing's gonna numb the pain of
being with you.
To surviving till dawn.
Again.
Come on. this way!
Listen. we... we're gonna have to fight
him.
But we can take it.
Fight him?
We're gonna have to fight him.
It's okay.
We can take it.
We've always had each other's backs in the
fight.
Okay?
We can do this.
Is it a noise?
I know it's now or never.
You hold still.
He holds themselves to account.
Lose power.
Survive it.
You can't fight such a douche!
You can't hide. you hunks!
Fuck!
Oh my God. if it was me out there.
she'd be dead.
Yes. of course. it'd be you.
Come on. baby.
Come on. come on. come on.
Go!
Get that bitch!
Hey!
You!
We are gonna need some glasses.
cause we're about to have a toast.
Ha ha ha ha ha!
Ah!
No. no. no. no. no!
What the fuck?
Bath time!
No. no. hey. hey. hey!
Ah!
What are you doing?
You might have a phone.
Jesus!
Fuck!
Oh god!
Shit!
Dookie. Dookie. can you help me.
please?
No. you got this.
You're doing great.
I'm not.
I'll just get in the way.
Oh. look!
You did it!
Thanks for your help.
He's gone.
I'm so sorry for your loss.
Mr. Rajan?
He's gone.
Mr. Rajan. as your brother has left this
mortal plane. you may take the field.
Do I have to?
Your family must be represented
by the eldest member or legally
appointed head of household
in all trials of succession.
Per Article 2. Section 3. Subsection C.
Failure to do so would mean forfeiture of
Mr. LeBail's favor.
You mean. um... I'm afraid so.
What about my wife?
Are you saying you want to abdicate your
status as head of the Rajan family?
And make my wife hunt?
Yes.
Motherfucker!
Motherfucker. motherfucker!
I'll just need you to sign that.
Madhu. if you sign that...
I will make you very dead.
This is hard for me too.
Fuck it.
Okie dokie.
Ma'am. if you please.
911. what's your emergency?
I need help. my sister and I are being...
We're at the Danforth Casino. golf course.
whatever. compound.
People are trying to kill us.
I'm sorry ma'am. could you slow down and
repeat yourself?
I decided to capture all the
outgoing calls on the compound
just in case they managed
to get their hands on a phone.
We own the phone company.
And they're all devil worshippers.
I know it sounds insane. but we need help.
We're at the Danforth Resort. please send
someone.
Yes. I understand.
We need help.
We will send help right away.
Can you make it to the main gate?
Yeah. we'll be there.
Ok.
Are you sure about this?
Yeah. I'm sure.
I'm not here to hurt you.
No.
Do you hear that Faith?
The lady with the sword isn't here to hurt
us.
Right.
I have no desire to get into some punchy.
kicky situation with you.
There's a way out of this.
I'm not here to kill you.
I'm here...
to offer you a deal.
Mary. what is it?
I had my lawyers scour the bylaws.
I don't think the other council members
know this. but if you marry into a high
council family. if you marry my son.
we get the seat and you get to live.
Bullshit!
I swear to Mr. LaBelle.
She says yes.
No more Hunt.
And look. I know your first marriage
didn't end well.
But my Chun-Fu isn't like Alex.
He's an idiot. but he's kind.
And the world will be far better off
without the Danforths pulling the strings.
Grace.
Titus is a psychopath.
His sister won't be able to control him.
And the world will go to hell faster than
it already is.
But you're a good person.
Of course not.
But it's a matter of degrees.
Right. okay. so I'm just married to some
stranger.
Yes. but... Great!
You don't have to live as a couple.
You can do whatever you want.
Yeah. she'll do it.
No.
What?
No. this seems too easy.
What. I wouldn't have to do anything?
Well...
Okay. well. what would she have to do?
Technically. she'd be
part of the organization. but
she'd just have to do the
usual stuff we all have to do.
It's not so bad.
What's that?
What's the usual stuff?
I mean... You mean sacrificing
goats and shit and pigs?
Fucking killing innocent people?
Selling my fucking soul?
Yeah. that's gonna be a no.
No!
Puta madre.
Fuck off. Ignacio!
You fucking weirdo!
You know you can't kill me!
Say yes!
Right now!
Move!
If you don't. I have to kill you before he
does!
Jesus Christ!
I'll do it!
I'll marry your fucking son!
Jen!
Hold it!
Move!
Say yes. Jesus!
Just say yes!
Do it!
Yeah!
Please!
Jen!
She'll do it!
She'll marry your fucking son!
She has to say it!
You have to say it!
God damn it!
.
Why is everyone looking at me?
Okay. well...
I'll need a fresh one of these.
stat.
And. uh. give me a poncho or something.
Thanks. Jen.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'm really not used to people combusting
all over me.
Yeah.
No.
It's always surprising.
Why did you say no?
You could have saved us.
Uh. because I don't want to spend the rest
of my life fucking killing people.
Okay.
That lady sold her soul.
I'm not gonna sell mine.
I'd rather be dead than live like that.
You wanna know why I don't take risks?
It's because the
one time... I did.
I got fucked and moved to New York and
I...
and I lost you.
You didn't move to New York.
You left me.
Faith. we can't do this right now.
You could have taken me with you.
I was 18!
It was a once-in-a-lifetime scholarship.
How do you not...
We were a team.
You could have become my legal guardian.
You were 15?
I couldn't take care of you?
I could have helped with rent.
How?
It was New York.
You were a kid.
Yeah. your kid's sister.
I told you.
I had a plan.
I was gonna make a better life for both of
us.
I was gonna bring you out once I
graduated.
Do you know how long three years is at
that age?
Faith. you were okay.
You were safe.
Grace... We had
decent foster parents.
You had a roof over your head.
Grace...
You left me.
I called you for years.
You didn't wanna talk to me!
I was mad.
It broke my fucking heart.
After you broke mine.
You remember the last thing you said to
me?
I said. please don't go. and you said.
I have to.
There's no other way.
I'm fucking sorry.
I'm happy for you.
I'm very happy for you and your perfect
life.
I made up. Darren.
I live in Bushwick. and I'm not a social
media manager.
What do you do?
I'm a hostess.
Technically. as a waitress. I outrank you.
They made me a hostess because they said
I'm so pretty.
Yeah. but you don't get any tips.
I get a lot of tips because I'm really
pretty.
Well. I don't need tips because my fake
boyfriend Derek makes bank. so...
Right. right. right. right.
God bless Derek.
Let's go.
Where are they?
Shit. can you get that?
It could be them.
Answer it.
I don't want to answer it.
They can't get the same 911 operator
twice.
The fuck do I say?
Just fucking answer it.
911.
What's your emergency?
We're here.
Where are the cops?
Where are you?
We're following a wall to the main gate.
I don't see a cop car.
The unit is close.
Just wait there at the gate. and they will
see you.
You bitch.
Did you see that?
Nice.
So. we knew it was your voice on the
phone. fucking dumbass.
Yeah. idiots.
We've been watching you.
Good for you.
All right. well. tell us how to open the
gate.
Well. you can only do that from the
control room.
How do we get there?
Yeah.
Well. you go back inside. you make a left.
The elevator on the far right is the only
one that descends to the sub-basement.
You make a right. you go into the control
room.
When you're inside...
you fuck yourself.
Tell us how to open it.
I don't feel like it.
Tell us how to open the gate. or we're
gonna kill your brother.
Fine.
Kill him.
I'm not fucking around.
Yeah. me neither.
Him out of the way. the seat's all mine.
Well. that's some cold blooded shit.
So. who abandoned who?
Hmm?
Back in the day.
Shut up.
Oh.
You. right?
You're older.
She's just been holding you back all day.
You know she's gonna leave you again.
right?
Shut the fuck up!
Fucking hit me!
Grace!
Who?
Yes. yes. run her down!
That's my bitch!
Get out of the room!
No!
What?!
I think she's leaving. boss.
Fuck!
I love you!
Grace?!
Fuck!
No!
What are you doing?
Get out!
Run!
No!
Give it up. Grace.
This is for the best.
Get the fuck over!
Come on!
One. two. three. just...
Okay. alright.
Oh my god!
We're gonna get into a golf cart!
Come on!
Let's go. let's go. let's go!
Kill her.
I don't care.
I was stalling. you idiot.
I surely did a number on you.
You look at the...
Stop treating me like I'm a fucking child.
Okay.
I am ready to take the field.
You're not allowed to. actually.
You abdicated.
You're no longer the head of your family.
And your wife controls all of your assets.
Even though she's chosen not to hunt.
she still represents your family.
...
Pardon?
You own nothing.
I think. uh...
Lie down.
Where shall I send your brother's remains?
To your mother's asshole.
You fuck.
Have a nice nap.
Fuck you!
And fuck you. you creepy little fuck!
I fucking hate all of you!
Fuck you too.
Okay.
That's not at all sad.
I'm ready.
Give me the fucking pen.
Come on.
Come on. run. run. run.
I
told you to fucking run.
Just sit.
Let me help pull it out.
It's gotta come out!
I'm gonna find you something for the pain.
Oh!
There's pepper spray.
You don't think?
You don't listen?
Out of all the options in front of you.
you always manage to pick the dumbest one.
It's actually impressive.
How do you do it?
I saved you.
You could have saved yourself.
You could have gotten help.
I can't take care of both of us.
I can't do it.
Oh. it's all my fault.
I know.
I'm such a burden.
You're a fucking child!
The only reason I'm fucking
here is because of you.
and now I'm gonna fucking
die here because of you!
You would have died hours ago if it wasn't
for me.
Oh. I'm sorry I didn't run away and
abandon you. but that's more your thing.
I was right to fucking leave.
And I wish you never goddamn found me.
You're right.
I should have run.
Good luck.
And fuck off.
Faith. wait!
Hi. cunt.
Bye. cunt.
Fuck.
Really?
Fuck you.
Get in!
All alone again?
Huh?
Thought you could fuck with me.
Where's your sister?
She's gone!
She's probably bringing the cops right
now!
We own the cops.
Shit!
Goddammit!
Where the fuck are you. whore?
I'm gonna tear you apart!
You son of a bitch!
Slowing your sister
down is the only significant
thing you've ever
done and will ever do.
You're not even a person.
It's just a collection of organs and...
meaningless opinions...
approximating a person out.
Get out!
No!
I've been dreaming about this moment.
You obviously don't know where you are.
This is my house.
And the house always wins.
How long you been saving that one for?
Fucking douchebag.
This was my mother's dress.
All she ever wanted was for me to be
happy.
And Alex made me happy.
Shut up.
You're fucking crazy.
I'm gonna kill you now.
You stole him.
You changed him.
Dude. he didn't fucking love you.
No!
We're not even friends.
Put your fucking... Just
don't... fuck up with that thing.
No!
Titus!
Titus. stop!
Titus. what the fuck are you doing?
I'm killing this girl!
Jesus Christ. Titus. we don't have time
for you!
Titus. wait!
We can use her.
Faith!
Grace. I know you're out there.
I have your sister. Grace.
Don't you worry. she's doing... well.
she's doing just peachy.
Grace?
Yeah.
If you don't return to the lobby within
the next ten minutes. she dies.
Grace. just leave me.
After she's dead. I'm
gonna find you. Grace.
wherever you are.
and I'm gonna kill you.
So. if you want to save your sister.
get your ass to the lobby.
Hey.
After I kill your sister...
...you and I are gonna have more fun.
Take her to the lodge.
Back for round two. bitch!
Yeah.
Say hi to Alex for me.
She's fucking here.
Oh. Christ!
Help me. you fucking turd!
Faith!
Grace?
Where's my sister?
I don't know.
I'm not playing anymore.
I'm an innocent bystander.
Oh shit. shit. shit!
Fuck!
Grace?
Faith!
Where is she?
I don't know.
Tell me where she is!
I don't...
Tell me where she is.
Ah!
God!
Let's dance. bitch!
Shit.
Fuck.
You're
out of there. Grace!
Grace!
Fuck you!
That glass may be two
inches thick. but I can still
blow your sister's brains
all over this window.
Grace!
You only have three seconds.
Three... Don't do it!
Two...
Don't listen to him!
One... Okay!
Okay!
Stop!
I'll come out!
No!
Grace!
Don't!
If you marry me... Grace!
No!
Look at me!
I would rather die than you lose your
soul!
That woman. she said there's a loophole to
all this.
She said if we get married. you get your
seat. and I get to live.
Don't know if we'll be able to get her out
before dawn.
Fuck it.
I accept your proposal.
No!
Okay.
Good.
I'm going to need some
assurances first so I know
you're not just going to
kill us both when I come out.
I swear to you... Oh.
don't swear to me!
Fucking shit for brains!
Swear to Mr. LaBelle!
I swear to Mr. LaBelle that no harm shall
come to you or your sister.
You can't...
I'm so sorry.
I'll have everything you need brought in.
Get ready.
The guests are already arriving for
coronation.
I thought maybe we could have a toast.
We're about to become family.
Grace. I never wanted to hurt you.
But I had to follow the rules.
Listen. we don't have a lot of time.
So I'm just gonna say it.
I'm scared.
It's my brother.
I didn't understand...
who he really is.
I spent my whole life...
searching for the good in him.
You know what I found?
Nothing.
Absolutely fucking nothing.
I thought I could keep him in check.
But he's lost it.
Grace. I need your help.
We have to try to control him together.
Having a seat doesn't have to be bad.
Think about all the good we could do with
that power.
But I need you at my side.
Hey. Grace.
You're not like us.
You have hope.
I don't. though.
You took it from me.
We are good at that.
A little girl time.
Thank you for showing me who you really
are.
Titus. it's not a joke.
We're not friends anymore.
Titus. stop.
You want to control me.
No.
You want all the power for yourself.
You do.
You always do.
Titus stop. please!
Look at me. Grace.
Grace. look at me!
Another take or look at me?
I want you to see this. Grace.
I want you to see this.
Grace!
I want you to see who I am.
Sam. I want you to see that I am not a man
who can be controlled.
You mentioned the rules.
There's nothing in the rules about killing
a family member.
Try to keep me in check now.
Just try it.
I told you it would be me who got you.
I'll see you at the altar.
I have to.
There's no other way.
It's okay.
Shem hamphra!
I can't see shit move.
Nomine satani Lucifer excelsis.
In the name of our great
and eternal benefactor.
come forth and bestow
your blessing upon these.
In the names of Satan. Lucifer. Baliel.
Leviathan. come forth and bear witness.
Hail Satan.
Hail Satan!
Welcome. everyone.
I'm pleased so many of you could make it.
Not only do we have our coronation this
fine morning. we also have a wedding.
Our cup runneth over.
Titus.
Your hand. please.
Your vows being made by
intent. by the power of Satan.
I now confer the possession
of each other upon you.
Titus Chester Danforth.
Do you take this woman and this world and
the next?
Unto the fires of hell?
I do.
And do you. Grace Elizabeth Macaulay
Ledomus. take this man to be yours?
In flesh and spirit. in this world and the
next?
Unto the fires of hell?
I do.
What he hath forged in hell. let no mortal
tear asunder.
We ask this in thy name. O Lord.
I now pronounce you man and wife.
You may kiss the bride.
Titus Danforth. is hee by granted the high
seat of the council of Libecia.
Hail satan.
Hail satan!
Hail satan. my lord.
Hail Satan!
What the fuck?
It's not against the rules to kill a fan
for that.
It's me who got you.
You.
What
the fuck is happening?
Get on your knees!
Shem ham farash.
This means I can do whatever I want.
right?
That is correct.
Huh.
I could lead this operation.
I could change the world.
So as my first act as the head of your
high council. I hereby remove myself from
the council and this entire fucking
organization!
Bro. can she even do that?
There's surprisingly little language about
this in the bylaws. since no one believed
anyone would ever willingly give away so
much power.
Okay. but then who gets the fucking seat?
Whoever's wearing the ring by dawn.
When's dawn?
In three minutes. give or take.
But it's just the council families or...
Literally anyone.
And you said if no one's wearing the ring
by dawn. Mr. LeBail would be...
Very upset.
Choke on it. you inbred fucks!
I'm coming. my love!
Shem ham farash!
Hail Satan!
Fire!
The ring!
Fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck!
Oh. wow!
I'll kill you.
Fucking...
Someone had to burn it all down.
You are good at destroying things.
No!
You're free.
Mhm.
See ya.
Bye.
Hurry. yeah.
Hey. yeah. don't look there.
Nope.
What?
No. no!
Aaaaaaah!
Fuck yeah!
I'm alive. bitches!
We made it!
Holy fucking shit!
I've renounced my pack. so I've been
spared two!
Let's fucking party!
Jesus Christ!
Meow.
Can we go?
Okay.
Rocket launcher.
Come on. let's go!
I love you.
I love you too.
I missed you.
Yeah. well. you know. I'm not gonna have
to anymore.
You're gonna get really fucking sick of
me.
Promise?
I do.
What are you gonna do with the goat?
I don't know.
How many times are you gonna get married
this week?
It's too soon.
It's gotta be a record.
Oh.
We're gonna go to hospital.
I'm gonna go get a bath.
I get sick.
A little pause... and we are back.
A little pause...
and we are back.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm